The mpg (miles per gallon) dataset tells us the mpg of the car along with a few other key features. To find the factors that make the most difference to fuel efficiency, a multiple linear was performed on the dataset. Using all five variables won’t give use the best fit (it will likely cause overfitting) but it will tell us which features are the more important. After generating a summary of multiple linear regression model in R, we found that the ground clearance and the length of the vehicle make the most difference. These have Pr(>|t|) values of 5.21e-08 and 2.60e-12 respectively meaning that both of these values are highly significant. The intercept has a Pr(>|t|) value of 5.08e-08 which is also significant meaning there are other important variables not included. This makes sense, a lot more goes into fuel efficiency and length and ground clearance. 
The multiple R-squared value is 0.72 and the p-value is 5.35e-11. The model as is an okay predictor of mpg but not great. The r-squared value of 0.72 means that approximately 72% of our mpg predictions with this model will be correct. The p-value of 5.35e-11 also means that our results are highly significant. Therefore, we can state that there is sufficient evidence to reject our null hypothesis, which means that the slope of our linear model is not zero.

The suspension coil summary tells us some important information about each batch. We can see that the mean and median are near 1500psi which is likely to be the design specification. The variance tells us how spread out the data is. The design specifications for the MechaCar suspension coils dictate that the variance of the suspension coils must not exceed 100 pounds per inch. Lots one and two meet this design requirement. However, lot three exceeds this requirement by 120 psi. This variance can also be seed in the high standard deviation of nearly 15 psi compared to the deviation of lot 1 (1.07psi) and lot 3 (3.18psi). From this we can say that the current manufacturing data does not meet the design specification.

To determine if the suspension coil’s pound-per-inch results are statistically different from the mean population results of 1,500 pounds per inch we performed a t-test on the suspension coil data. The p-value was 0.5117 which is above our significance level of 0.05. Therefore, we do not have sufficient evidence to reject the null hypothesis, and we would state that the two means are statistically similar.